clarify privatelink can't connect across cloud providers (#6371)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_privatelink-across-providers.md

> PrivateLink endpoints can't connect across cloud providers. For a PrivateLink connection to work, both dbt Cloud and the server (like {props.type}) must be hosted on the same cloud provider. For example, AWS PrivateLink can’t connect to resources hosted on Azure, and Azure PrivateLink can’t connect to resources hosted on AWS.

Author: do we want to mention what alternatives to consider if users _are_ in this situation? e.g. do they need to consider alternatives like a VPN or any other solution?

Reviewer: I think adding additional options would just confuse people more. I think this is pretty good. I might tweak the last sentence a bit to something like: 

"For example, dbt Cloud hosted on AWS cannot connect via PrivateLink to services hosted on Azure, and dbt Cloud hosted on Azure can’t connect via Private Link to services hosted on AWS."

Small note that PrivateLink on AWS doesn't have a space, but on Azure it does (Private Link).

> PrivateLink endpoints can't connect across cloud providers. For a PrivateLink connection to work, both dbt Cloud and the server (like {props.type}) must be hosted on the same cloud provider. For example, AWS PrivateLink can’t connect to resources hosted on Azure, and Azure PrivateLink can’t connect to resources hosted on AWS.

Author: ```suggestion
PrivateLink endpoints can't connect across cloud providers. For a PrivateLink connection to work, both dbt Cloud and the server (like {props.type}) must be hosted on the same cloud provider. For example, dbt Cloud hosted on AWS cannot connect via PrivateLink to services hosted on Azure, and dbt Cloud hosted on Azure can’t connect via Private Link to services hosted on AWS.
```
